New features and bug fixes (#1)
RosiTea/BaGPipe: README.md

## How it works?
### 1. Annotation
[Prokka](https://github.com/tseemann/prokka) (v.1.14.6) (Seemann, 2014) annotates assembled genomic DNA by employing various tools to predict genomic coordinates and gene functions. Most tools, except Prodigal, provide both coordinates and descriptions; Prodigal solely identifies coding sequence coordinates. Prokka then refines the annotations by comparing the predicted gene coordinates to multiple databases, escalating from smaller, reliable ones to larger, domain-specific collections, ultimately utilising curated protein family models. For each sample, Prokka outputs 10 files with a user-defined "sample_id" prefix. BaGPipe collects all the GFF files into one Nextflow channel for subsequent processing.

### 2. Building multiple sequence alignment of core genes from pangenome

> From the annotated assemblies from Prokka or user input, BaGPipe runs [Panaroo](https://github.com/gtonkinhill/panaroo) (v.1.3.4) (Tonkin-Hill et al, 2020) with the option to build a multiple sequence alignment of the core genes using Multiple Alignment using Fast Fourier Transform (MAFFT). Panaroo uses pangenome evolution models instead of gene accumulation curves, and it constructs a graphical pangenome representation, where genes from the nodes and edges link genes that are adjacent on at least one contig. This initial graph is then refined through several cleaning steps to address common issues in genome annotation.

Author: ```suggestion
From the annotated assemblies from Prokka or user input, BaGPipe runs [Panaroo](https://github.com/gtonkinhill/panaroo) (v.1.5.1) (Tonkin-Hill et al, 2020) with the option to build a multiple sequence alignment of the core genes using Multiple Alignment using Fast Fourier Transform (MAFFT). Panaroo uses pangenome evolution models instead of gene accumulation curves, and it constructs a graphical pangenome representation, where genes from the nodes and edges link genes that are adjacent on at least one contig. This initial graph is then refined through several cleaning steps to address common issues in genome annotation.
```
